Question: 1.) How do I approach designing software? What new design skills have your work on the project helped you to craft? what design skills and process did you follow for your project work? How could tactis from your design approach be applied in the future work? How I approach designing software is by ensuring that from a user's starndpoint, my work is simple, easy to use and strainght forward. This not only eliminates messy code, but ensures orginized, error free and functional code. I applied the skills that I learned in this course and applied them to my project. The design process that I followed was keeping everyhting section together and organized. I think that compartmenalizing everything with my porject made it easier to make corrections if needed. It kept confusion at bay as much as possible. Plus it is more professional looking. 

Question: 2.) How do I approach developing programs? What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene? How did iteration factor into your development? How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion? With new developing programs, I like to research them. I find forums from those who has used the program to get their professional opinion. Then I like to give it a trial run with a simply project to see how I like it and how I can benefit from that particualr program versus other programs that are similar. Are the API's simple? Will learning this program benefit me with future programs in my professional life? I learned a lot stragegies from this course and while working on my 3D scene, but the most important stragegy I learned is how to create a large project while ensuring it stays organized. As I mentioned above, compartmentalizing and doing the project one section at a time one of the most important strategies I learned and applied. It helps with time management, organization which leads to a clean and functional project. This stragegy is something I will use for the rest of my life as a professional programmer. 

Question: 3.) How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway? How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway? Computer science will be my future career as a programmer. Everything about computer science and learning computer science will help me acheive my future job and allow me to start my future career. Having knowledge in openGL or any other skills in computatioanl graphics and visualizations will help me with my future career mainly because having this knowledge will allow me to pursue a career with game development or app development if I chose to take those routes with my future career. Even though I plan on working in the automotive industry programming safety systems, and collision estimating systems, having this skill is good to have. 
